Something really happened.
Just now
I checked with a parked motorcycle
I thought it was nothing
Just about to leave.
The last one suddenly fell off.
Did you hit anyone?
Check when checking
Check it out.
What is the reason?
No one?
Definitely not the so-called practice
Is a fault
The master in charge of inspection has studied it for you.
Is the largest of the other Rust Parties
Abandoned wealth rusts
Why are these security guards late?
I can't find this kind of problem.
That's what I'm trying to say.
The security guard of our scratched amusement park
Asked for leave to go home
So no one has been in charge
The master in charge of inspection said
If you press two more days to find out
Something will definitely happen
That is to say
Not as small as this kid today
It's doomed
That's it.
I want to meet this man of God in person
Thank him well
What do you want him for?
The reputation we have accumulated in Huahai for many years
I'm afraid it's going to be destroyed
Brother Ye Fan, what are we doing in the city?
What to see
Of course! To save up!
So much money, let it go
You too.
It's late at night, let me tell you
Big colleagues are not finished